Pr checklist before release (#71)
nf-core/magmap: docs/usage.md

## Introduction

> Magmap is a workflow designed for mapping metatranscriptomics and metagenomics reads onto a group of genomes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Magmap is a workflow designed for mapping metatranscriptomic and metagenomic reads onto a group of genomes.
```

Reviewer: It's "metatranscriptomic reads". "Metatranscriptomcis" is the field (a noun), "metatranscriptomic" is an adjective.
